doc: clarify paramater for napi_get_cb_info (#41635)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

* `[in-out] argc`: Specifies the length of the provided `argv` array and
  receives the actual count of arguments. `argc` can
  optionally be ignored by passing `NULL`.

> * `[out] argv`: Array of `napi_values` to which the arguments will be

Reviewer: Unless `napi_values` is a real type, it should not be in backticks. This document seems to use this instead:

```suggestion
* `[out] argv`: Array of `napi_value`s to which the arguments will be
```

> * `[out] argv`: Array of `napi_values` to which the arguments will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `[out] argv`: C array of `napi_values` to which the arguments will be
```

(because this is a situation in which “array” manages to be both more precise and more ambiguous – it’s important that this specifically does *not* refer to handle for a JS array)
